- **It seemed unlikely to the whole world 500 days ago**
Last February, Western analysts gave Ukraine only 3 days to face Russia in a full-scale war. But we survived and have been fighting for freedom and independence for more than 500 days.
**selected 20 faitful accomplisment that would have been hard to believe at the beginning of the war.**
1. Applied for EU membership and received candidate status.
2. We did not lose a single regional center, de-occupied the territory, and liberated Kherson.
3. We received almost the entire range of Western weapons: from Stinger to HIMARS, Leopard, long-range missiles. F-16 and ATACMS ahead.
4. The ruble first fell to 150 per dollar, then squeezed out to 50, only to fall again to almost 100.
5. Russia received more sanctions than Iran and North Korea combined.
6. Drowned "Moscow".
7. They inflicted the largest losses in the history of the enemy flotilla, without withdrawing their own ships from their ports at all
8. The Crimean bridge was destroyed. The invaders repaired it for several months
9. Survived the longest blackout in Europe.
10. We have become leaders in the consumption of electricity from alternative sources.
11. We learned how to shoot down analogue "Daggers" and "Inskanders", which no one had done before.
12. An international arrest warrant has been issued for Putin. He dug even deeper into the bunker and increased the staff of doubles.
13. The parade on May 9 on Red Square in Moscow was held with 1 tank.
14. Unidentified UAVs are destroying objects throughout the European part of Russia, and even bombing the Kremlin.
15. Russian volunteer forces liberate Russian settlements and show that the Russian "border is open".
16. "Patriot" closed the sky over Kiev.
17. In the occupied Crimea, there are more trenches than vacationers.
18. In Russia, there was the first attempt at an armed rebellion - Moscow was hanging by a thread of regime change.
19. The most combat-ready grouping of the enemy - the Wagner PMC - has been withdrawn from the battlefield forever.
20. We already have more tanks in service than Russia.
